This ancient tung tree has really sprouted, right?
Is there really something in this ancient bronze tree?
This this
Longtan Fengyuan
Guan Xian preached, is this really true?
This is Tongtian Shenshu Sword Eye Bodhi
Can actually grow trees
Why didn't I take a picture?
Hmph, this tree is really auspicious
What did I think it was?
Isn't it just a tree?
How much of this kind of thing do you want in the back mountain of my house?
As many as you want
The theme of the divine tree connecting heaven and earth
Do you have it too?
That's right, Zhang Shoucheng, are you really crazy?
This tree that connects heaven and earth
Could it be that you can really let him find the sky?
Then you watch it.
Ah, that's impossible.
He's really grown up.
The tree starts to grow again
This tree
How could it have grown so big in the blink of an eye?
What's the use of dirty hands supporting you?
A little trick is like impersonating a mythical beast
Do you really think this old man is gullible?
I'm going to expose you
Ahhh, what's going on here?
Earthquake
It seems that it was because Sun Daochang cut down this divine tree
Angry Tiandao
I don't believe it anymore
Daochang Sun, stop cutting
This tree seems real
It's really the Heavenly Tree
Haha, happy.
How offensive was I just now?
So I'll give you 200 million.
Plus plus guide your leisure path
You give us the crown of this tree
How's it going?